Precipitation variability and incidence of extreme rainfall events are likely to increase with climate change (IPCC 2018, Diffenbaugh 2020). A growing body of literature has tied such deviations from normal precipitation to higher incidence of civil or armed conflict (Hsiang, Burke, Miguel 2013). However, many of these studies are limited to narrow measures such as incidence of ethnic violence (Guasiro and Rogall 2017), inter-group riots (Bolhken and Sargenti 2010), armed conflict (Raleigh and Kniveton (2012), or militarized interstate disputes (Devlin and Hendrix 2014). Broader measures of fragility may be more important factors for international development through their impact on international aid flows: more fragile states received 58% less bilateral aid and experienced twice as much aid volatility as other countries, after controlling for poverty and acute conflicts (McGillivray 2011).  
Here, we investigate globally whether the relationship between precipitation and conflict extends to a broader measure of state fragility that incorporates social, economic, political, and cohesion indicators. We estimate on-year and lagged effects of variation in annual precipitation on a nation’s Fragile State Index across the globe between 2006 to 2020. Our model includes linear and quadratic precipitation terms to account for potential fragility changes at extreme precipitation levels. We also account for both time-invariant unobservables at the national level and time-varying unobservables at the global level. Additionally, we consider heterogeneity in effects across high-income and low-income nations to explore whether wealth may cushion countries from increased fragility following precipitation shocks. 
